Improve grpc troubleshooting documentation (#3357)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/Getting_started/Troubleshooting.rst

Error installing Python or Conda
--------------------------------

> Sometimes users are not allowed to install a Python interpreter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes companies do not allow installation of a Python interpreter.
```
Made active voice here and next edit.

In this case, you can use the Python interpreter available in the AEDT installation.

.. note::

> Python 3.7 is available in AEDT 2023 R1 and earlier. Python 3.10 is available in ASEDT 2023 R2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python 3.7 is available in AEDT 2023 R1 and earlier. Python 3.10 is available in AEDT 2023 R2.
```

> In this case, a Python interpreter is available in installation path of
> Ansys Electronics Desktop.
> Note that Python 3.7 is available in AEDT <= 2023R1 while Ansys Electronics Desktop 2023 R2
> is shipped with Python 3.10.
> 
> *Python 3.7 interpreter path for the 2023R1 Installation:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can use the Python interpreter available in the AEDT installation.

.. note::
Python 3.7 is available in AEDT 2023 R1 and earlier. Python 3.10 is available in ASEDT 2023 R2.

Here is the path to the Python 3.7 interpreter for the 2023 R1 installation:
```
No need for italics. An Ansys release is always in a format like 2023 R1 (with a space) for public-facing documentation.

Error installing Python or Conda
--------------------------------
Sometimes companies do not allow installation of a Python interpreter.
In this case, you can use the Python interpreter available in the AEDT installation.

.. note::

> Python 3.7 is available in AEDT 2023 R1 and earlier. Python 3.10 is available in ASEDT 2023 R2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.7 is available in AEDT 2023 R1 and earlier. Python 3.10 is available in AEDT 2023 R2.
```
Sorry for my typo!

Author: Thanks

Error installing PyAEDT using pip
---------------------------------

> 1. **Proxy Server** If your company uses a proxy server you may have to update proxy
>    settings at the command line.
>    See the `pip documentation <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#using-a-proxy-server>`_ for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Proxy server**: If your company uses a proxy server, you may have to update proxy
   settings at the command line. For more information, see the `Using a Proxy
   Server<https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#using-a-proxy-server>`_ in the pip
   documentation.
```
You always want to say why you would want to click a link first and then match the title of the topic where the link takes you and then the source where this link is found.

> 2. **Install Permission** Make sure you have write access to the directory where the Python interpreter is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Install permission**: Make sure that you have write access to the directory where the Python interpreter is
```

   installed. The use of a `virtual environment <https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html>`_ helps
   mitigate this issue by placing the Python interpreter and dependencies in a location that is owned
   by the user.

> 3. **Firewall** Some corporate firewalls may block pip. If you face this issue you'll have to work with your IT
>    administrator to enable pip. The proxy server settings (described above) allow you to explicitly define
>    the ports used by pip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Firewall**: Some corporate firewalls may block pip. If you face this issue, you'll have to work with your IT
   administrator to enable pip. The proxy server settings (described earlier) allow you to explicitly define
   the ports used by pip.
```
You don't want to use locaters like above or below because they might not be accurate in a PDF (which is generated as an artifact).

`gRPC <https://grpc.io/>`_ is a modern open source high performance Remote Procedure Call (RPC)
framework that can run in any environment and supports client/server remote calls.

> Starting from 2022R2 the AEDT API has replaced the COM interface with a gRPC interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2022 R2 and later, the AEDT API has replaced the COM interface with a gRPC interface.
```

Author: done

.. list-table:: *gRPC Compatibility:*
   :widths: 65 65 65
   :header-rows: 1

   * - < 2022R2
     - 2022R2
     - > 2022R2

>    * - Only Python.NET

Reviewer: Add Python.NET to the accept.list file here: C:\AnsysDev\GitRepos\PyAnsys\pyaedt\doc\styles\Vocab\ANSYS

Author: will do. Thanks!

     - | Python.NET: *Default*
       | Enable gRPC: ``pyaedt.settings.use_grpc_api = True``
     - | gRPC: *Default*
       | Enable Python.NET: ``pyaedt.settings.use_grpc_api = False``

The options shown here apply only to the Windows platform.
On Linux, the Python interface to AEDT uses gRPC for all versions.

.. _GRPC ref:

Check the AEDT API configuration
--------------------------------

> Run the following command to start the Electronics Desktop as a gRPC server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to start AEDT as a gRPC server:
```

> *Windows:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On Windows:**
```
Make these "headings" bold rather than italic.

.. code:: console

   path\to\AnsysEM\v231\Win64\ansysedt.exe -grpcsrv 50001

> *Linux:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**On Linux:**
```

.. code:: console

   path\to\AnsysEM\v231\Lin64\ansysedt -grpcsrv 50352

The server port number is used by AEDT to listen and receive
commands from the PyAEDT client. This configuration
supports multiple sessions of AEDT running on a single server
and listening on the same port.

Check the gRPC interface
------------------------

> The native Electronics Desktop API can be used to launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The native AEDT API can be used to launch
```

> Electronics Desktop from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AEDT from the command line.
```

Failure connecting to the gRPC server
-------------------------------------
On Linux, PyAEDT may fail to initialize a new instance of the gRPC server
or connect to an existing server session.
This may be due to:
 - Firewall
 - Proxy
 - Permissions
 - License

>  - Scheduler (for example if the gRPC server was started from LSF, Slurm, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Scheduler (for example if the gRPC server was started from LSF or Slurm)
```
You will want to add "Slurm" to the accept.text file here: C:\AnsysDev\GitRepos\PyAnsys\pyaedt\doc\styles\Vocab\ANSYS

> In case of issues due to use of a proxy server, you may set the following environment variable to
> disable the proxy server for the *localhost*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For issues related to use of a proxy server, you may set the following environment variable to
disable the proxy server for the *localhost*.
```

.. code:: console

    export no_proxy=localhost,127.0.0.1

Run your PyAEDT script.

> If it still fails, the proxy server can be disabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it still fails, you can disable the proxy server:
```

.. code:: console

    export http_proxy=

> Run your PyAEDT script. If the errors persist try the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run your PyAEDT script. If the errors persist, perform these steps:
```

    export ANSOFT_DEBUG_MODE=3

Enable the gRPC trace on the server:

.. code:: console

    export GRPC_VERBOSITY=DEBUG
    export GRPC_TRACE=all

> Then start ansysedt.exe as a gRPC server and redirect the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then start the ``ansysedt.exe`` file as a gRPC server and redirect the output.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Then run ansysedt.exe as a gRPC server and redirect the output.
```

Author: I understand the point, but a file is not started. The *.exe file is run. I added "the".

.. code:: console

    ansysedt -grpcsrv 50051 > /path/to/file/server.txt

> The above command redirects the gRPC trace is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding command redirects the gRPC trace
```

> to the file *server.txt*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the``server.txt`` file.
```
Put filenames and paths in double back ticks.

Author: ``server.txt`` is an example name, not a file type. The suggestion is confusing in that context.

Author: changed *server.txt* to ``server.txt``.

Open another terminal window to trace the

> gRPC calls on the client where the Python script will be run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gRPC calls on the client where the Python script is to be run.
```
Avoid future tense (will).

.. code:: console

    export GRPC_VERBOSITY=DEBUG
    export GRPC_TRACE=all

> Now run the PyAEDT script
> (make sure it connects to the same port as the gRPC server, 50051).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now run the PyAEDT script, (making sure it connects to the same port as the gRPC server (50051).
```

Author: There will be too many "(" s in the text with this suggestion.

> Capture the output in a file *client.txt* and send all the logs

Author: ```suggestion
Capture the output in a file. For example *client.txt* and send all the logs
```

> Capture the output in a file *client.txt* and send all the logs

Author: "client.txt" is the name of the file. This is just a suggested name.

> Capture the output in a file *client.txt* and send all the logs

Reviewer: @dcrawforAtAnsys I edited slightly because your comment clarified what was meant and was valid.
